Attendees
1. Matthew
2. Sean
3. Anna


Discussed
1. Matthew worked on the GUI (number of buttons visible based on number of players,
	layout of the board with addition of center track)
2. Sean and Anna added center track, new starting areas for all players, assigned 
	players and colors, and updated the populate and getBoard methods.
3. Discussed efficiency of some written methods that we may need to change


For Next Time
1. Matthew and Audrey working on GUI
2. Will add "special" spaces


Next Meeting
1. Friday at 11am in Capen
